.TH WFAPI 1
.SH NAME
wfapi \- run the Whiteflag REST API server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wfapi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Whiteflag REST API server to send and receive Whiteflag messages.
.PP
Whiteflag is a fully neutral and secure communciations means based on
blockchain technology. It enables near real-time communication in armed
conflicts and disasters to exchange early warning and status information
to create shared situational awareness.
.PP
The Whiteflag Representational State Transfer (REST) Application Programming
Interface (API) server is a software implementation of the Whiteflag API layer
that provides an interface with the Whiteflag messaging network on one or more
underlying blockchains. As such, it acts as a message transceiver between one
or more blockchains and one or more end-user applications.
.PP
The Whiteflag REST API server is normally run as a service.
.PP
When running, the API is exposed by default on  \fIhttp://localhost:5746/\fR,
where the API definition is provided in human readible format. Just go to the
URL with a browser.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR WFCONFDIR
The directory containing the configuration files.
.TP
.BR WFLOGLEVEL
The logging level to be used; if set, it overrides the level set in the configuration file.
.TP
.BR WFPORT
The server port to be used; if set, it overrides the port set in the configuration file.
.SH CONFIGURATION FILES
.TP
.BR api.toml
Various general API settings, such as hostname, port, etc.
.TP
.BR blockchains.toml
Blockchain specific configuration.
.TP
.BR datastores.toml
Datastore specific configuration.
.TP
.BR whiteflag.toml
Whiteflag protocol related parameters
.SH LEGAL
THE USAGE OF SIGNS AND SIGNALS WITH THIS SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO LOCAL AND/OR INTERNATIONAL LAWS
.PP
This software only provides an additional means of communication for
certain signs and signals, and it does not replace any existing
standard, regulation or means of communication, whether mandatory or
not, including but not limited to physical signs, radio communications,
official registers, etc.
.PP
The usage of protective signs is subject to International Humanitarian
Law. Misuse of protective signs is a punishable violation under local
and international laws.
.PP
The usage of emergency signals may be subject to various regulations and
standards, depending on location and context. The misuse of emergency
signals, including misuse of the duress functionality, may be a
punishable violation under local and international laws.
